Internationalization: Translate TimePickerTitle component (#57909)
grafana/grafana: contribute/internationalization.md

Prefer using `<Trans />` for JSX children, and `t()` for props and other javascript usage.

> When translating in grafana-ui, import `<Trans />` and `t()` from `src/utils/i18n` using a relative path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When translating in grafana-ui, use a relative path to import `<Trans />` and `t()` from `src/utils/i18n`.
```
